Tyler, the creator. yes, yeah. That's the
Yeah. aha Yeah.
He has like more seven shows
Yeah, like, yeah, I was looking at them like they're all so expensive
Yes, um ss
Yeah, no, I looked up that, like a one time and more
Yeah, I think the cheapest he's the cheapest ones are during the week.
he's yes, somehow, he can sell to it. It will be cheapest was like...
170?
yeah
for...
I forgot if it was 100 or 200. It was not 300.
crypto was 300
Yeah, yeah, yeah, for 200s, yeah
Yeah, I didn't look at it too much. I was just trying to make a joke. Yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, yeah, that's right. *** yeah
Yeah. Maybe Kendrick will bring out SZA.
yeah
Or it will be bounce
could be. it's, I mean, it's a super bowl. Yeah
Handrick?
um, this and say, I don't know
Yeah, yeah, should done something
Belly
Yeah, I like this is like one of her best albums. so
yeah
But huff, hahahaa
Ahw...
Yeah.
Huhu huh huh huh I was like benny ahw
Yeah, when she was crying, ah, oh, when Billie was crying, and she was like, oh, she's
crying for Beyonce's win and people are like, no, she's crying because she just lost.
huhuhh
huh haha yeah
Oh yeah, right. How did you know?
she's so pretty young
yeah
I don't even know. Is she in high school?
I hope so. Oh okay okay
She's stole why? Oh, She's so pretty. Oh, yeah.
Jason. hahahaha
Yeah, yeah, it's not like,
Yeah. I saw his too Yeah.
His music is right, yeah. Yeah
Yeah, but I gone to give the trials and that was struck
I can't think of what the song's called.
Discard
I can't think of the name of it, but someone was like, I miss the old Kanye.
tadatadata yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
In my high school, in the third floor girls bathroom, someone wrote the entire verse.
on this install, the stall the wall install.
Oh, not that, I just seen like yeah, they have like a new policy they have to write on every column
Yeah. I've seen people that they were like, their girlfriends were like...
Why do you have a heart on your mouth? huh
yeah
be a
Yeah, it replaced the Starbucks. yeah
yeah
ohh
The pokey is pretty good. I haven't had the panini, but I heard it's good, but I don't want to wait for it
that's like toast that you know